breaking news a star-studded event at
the level Hotel in Los Angeles has been
taken over by armed gunmen we now go to
a live feed from the assailants and can
confirm that one of the hostages is
international pop star
shaggy yeah he's happening
variables in me singing it shaggy honey
came in and she caught me red-handed
creeping with a girl next door
this we were both butt-naked
hanging out that's too far how do I fork
instead I have given a extra key
[Music]
we have three waiters on the run I think
we should turn ourselves in
what's with the buckets I'm showing them
I'm unarmed we can take them my name is
Alex but three exes I'm about to go
explosive on these 3x
means poison by the way it's also a Vin
Diesel movie
[Music]
Swatt new seals transporters
[Applause]
what are you doing up there oh thank god
the hell are you doing they're here to
help us but not get a little coolies
getting saved by the LAPD even
listen to Kendrick Lamar loves me I
can't believe I followed a loser like
you
around for years guys stop
you just shot at me I shot near you
[Music]